Sync and corrections by
n17t01 www.addic7ed.com
Air and naval forces
of the United States
launched a series of strikes
against terrorist facilities...
Pan Am Flight 103 crashed
into the town of Lockerbie.
He has sanctioned acts of terror
in Africa, Europe, the Middle East.
This will not stand,
this aggression against Kuwait.
This relentless pursuit of terror.
We will make no distinction...
The USS Cole was attacked
while refueling in the port of Aden.
This was an act of terrorism.
It was a despicable and cowardly act.
The next samba we're
going to swing for you
is one of the good old favorites.
Until something stops him.
I'm just making sure we
don't get hit again.
That plane crashed into
the World Trade Center.
Thousands of people running.
We must and we will remain
vigilant at home and abroad.
What the fuck are you doing?
Fuck!
I missed something once before.
I won't... I can't let
that happen again.
It was ten years ago.
Everyone missed something that day.
Everyone's not me.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Previously on Homeland...
What did you say?
I'm an American.
It turns out he's one of ours.
Marine Sergeant Nicholas Brody,
MIA since early 2003
and presumed dead...
until now.
Hi, Dad.
Did you ever meet him? - Abu Nazir?
Was he ever present during
any of your interrogations?
No.
So Abu Nazir's resurfacing
just as Brody's miraculously
returned home means nothing?
Dad...
If he is a terrorist, we
need eyes an ears on Brody
from the minute he steps off that plane.
I'm sorry. - Hey, I know you.
Hey, look, I'm not going back in
if it means you can't go back in.
That's not necessary.
Maybe we can hold our
own private meeting
out here. How's that sound?
It's tempting.
How about your wife?
I can't be with her,
but I can with you.
The fucking CIA thinks I'm
working for Al-Qaeda?
I think you're working for Al-Qaeda.
I was broken, living
in the dark for years,
and a man walked in.
And he was kind to me.
And you became his follower?
For the last time, Carrie,
I am not what you think I am.
I pray every day
that you never lose sight
of what you committed
to do in Issa's name.
The switch is here.
Wait until the last second
before you open it.
I read that part of
the blast goes upward
toward here... point of weakness.
There is a bigger, pernicious,
Abu Nazir-worthy plot out there,
and we have little time.
We have to code it, collide it,
collapse it, contain it.
She's bipolar.
She's stable on her meds.
Why didn't she ever tell me?
She said no one at work could know.
Your office at Langley is
being cleared as we speak.
I am about to solve this fucking thing.
- What are you doing here?
- It's about your dad.
Was he hit?
He is with the vice president
and other innocent people.
He is going to kill them
if we don't stop them.
Okay, the world is about to end
and we're standing around,
talking!
Do not move.
Saul, you have to listen to me.
The woman that was hit...
she is not the target.
Right now they're putting
the vice president
and his team in a single small space.
They're supposed to be safe
there but they're not.
They're vulnerable.
Say the holy words.
Remember Issa.
Got a call for you
from your daughter.
Dana, I got to call you back.
No, Dad, no, there was this
crazy woman at our house.
Dad, she said that you're a terrorist.
You have to promise me that
you're coming home, Dad.
I'm coming home, Dana.
I know about your condition.
You need to get some help.
I am.
And you need to stay away from me.
Good-bye, Brody.
I can't live like this anymore.
It needs to stop.
What about the side effects...
memory loss?
Saul, I've made up my mind.
Countering criticism
from the international community,
the Israeli government
continues to defend
its successful bombing of five
Iranian nuclear facilities.
Demonstrators held protests
outside of U.S. embassies
over the American government's
support of Israel.
I told you to turn it off.
IDF spokesman Yigal Nitzani called
Iran's claim of 3,000 casualties
"a gross exaggeration
meant to stir international outrage..."
Dad.
"...against Israel in its..."
It's not like she doesn't know
what's going on over there.
Of course she does.
But why wave it in her face?
I mean, she's finally
gotten to a good place.
Depends how you define good.
What do you mean?
I think her lithium levels are too high.
That is for her and
Dr. Rosenberg to decide.
When mine were too high, I couldn't read
for six months.
Stay out of it. - Puttering around
in that stupid garden like
your mother used to do.
Morning, guys.
Hey, want some pancakes? - No, thanks.
You sure? - Yeah, I've got
a bunch of exams to grade before class,
and, Dad, you can turn
the TV back on now.
What did I tell you?
You said a woman gave
this to our cutout.
You didn't say who.
That's the thing, sir, we don't know.
What do you mean you don't know?
She contacted us with a
priority three code...
intelligence about an attack on U.S.
interests.
Someone in this station
must be running her.
Except no one has any idea who she is.
We were hoping you might.
Let me show you.
I've never seen her before.
Well, she wants a face-to-face
at one of our designated
dead drops.
When? - In two hours.
Get the car ready.
You're gonna drop me outside.
Sir, the last unconfirmed
asset we trusted
blew himself up with
five of our officers.
Shouldn't we work our sources,
- find out who she is first?
- Two days ago
Israel bombed five nuclear
sites deep inside Iran.
Ayatollahs are not amused.
They have climbed
into their minbars, vowed to
retaliate against the West.
You're saying it's not a coincidence
this woman comes forward now.
I'm saying it's not a
coincidence we can ignore.
I'll get the car.
I think we got company.
You'd think they'd at least
change out their follow car.
Why are you running away?
I came here 'cause you wanted to talk.
You are confusing me with someone else.
I don't think so.
You said you had information
about an attack.
No, Aaron, that's not what I'm saying.
I've just been trying to get
some sort of conformation.
Well, get him on the phone.
Sir.
Morning, Betsy.
Who?
The Vice President.
Mr. Vice President.
Congressman.
I understand the wives are
becoming fast friends.
Mrs. Walden's been great, sir.
Getting Dana and Chris into school,
helping with their scholarships.
Well, that's what Cynthia does.
Now it's our turn.
Sir?
Build some mutual trust.
Within the hour,
my campaign is going to float your name
as a potential running
mate on the ticket.
Assuming you're interested, of course.
Are you're serious?
This is for real?
We've got a long way to
go to the convention,
and there's other hats in the ring,
but I believe you're the
future of the party.
So I'll ask you again.
Are you interested?
Hell, yes.
That's the answer I was
looking for the first time!
Understood, sir. Thank you.
There is one other thing.
I had you vetted by my search committee,
background checked by the FBI.
Turned you inside out.
What did we miss, Nick?
What flaw in your character,
what deep abiding secret?
I need to know. I need to know now.
I've been in a Taliban hole,
sir, for eight years.
I didn't get much of a
chance to misbehave.
Fair enough, but here's what
people are gonna say about that.
You were a prisoner a long time.
Too long.
You're damaged goods.
You really want me to respond to that?
You can hit a curveball. That's good.
Expect my office to send
over a preliminary schedule.
First up are the Sunday talk shows.
I'm also arranging an
intelligence briefing.
I want you prepped for
the inevitable questions
about the crisis in the Middle East.
I appreciate that, sir.
And good luck.
Nice work, Hana. - Thank you.
You, too, Hakem.
Almost perfect, Omar.
Watch out for the extra pronoun, though.
It's not: "Those are the
sunglasses I want to buy them."
It's: "Those are the
sunglasses I want to buy."
Those are the sunglasses I want to buy.
Good.
I'll be right back.
Excuse me.
What do you want?
How are you, Carrie?
I'm fine.
Hey, I'm sorry I never
stopped by the hospital.
I always meant to.
Don't worry about it.
I wasn't exactly having a party.
What do you want?
Estes needs to see you.
Tell him to fuck off.
Don't you even want to
know what this is about?
No.
Come on, Carrie.
What am I supposed to tell him?
Tell him he was right.
Tell him I never belonged
in CIA in the first place.
Sorry, everybody.
Yes, Omar?
He wasn't anybody.
He's on the short list.
That's all we really know right now.
Senator Laughton, I think?
No, no, I mean, it's all good.
We're just in a complete
state of shock over here.
Listen, Jean, I have to go,
but thanks for calling,
and please thank Martin. Bye.
The phone has been ringing all day.
You would not believe who's
coming out of the woodwork.
Guess how many friend
requests I got today?
How many?
Three hundred.
That's a lot of friends.
Chris, please tell Dana
that your father's home.
Dana!
And please don't yell. Just go get her.
My God, Brody,
Vice President of the United States?
Let's not get carried away.
Walden's just floating my name.
They said you didn't
have enough experience
to be Walden's running mate.
I don't.
I think he's just using my
name to help sell the public
on taking a harder line with Iran.
Still, just the fact that he's
mentioning your name in public.
That's pretty incredible.
Well.
After everything you've been through.
Everything we've all been through.
Hey,
you sure you want this?
You know, being a member
of Congress is...
It wouldn't be easy on the family.
I get that, but I'd be lying
if I said this hasn't been fun.
I'll be back in, like, an hour.
Do you have anything you
want to say to your father?
Congratulations.
Thank you.
Where are you going?
- Dinner.
- With who?
Xander.
Can you speak up, please?
How come you never go out with
friends from your new school?
Because I don't have any
friends at my new school.
Are you done interrogating me?
It's okay.
Her attitude sucks.
Yeah, she's 16.
When I was 16,
I was working two jobs,
saving money for junior college.
Yeah? I was repeating my
sophomore year in high school.
You were, weren't you?
Yeah.
Carrie, where have you been?
I've been trying you and trying you.
How come you didn't answer your phone?
I turned it off.
Saul Berenson's been
calling all afternoon.
Did he say what he wanted?
No.
Just that it's important
he speak to you.
Hello?
Saul, it's me.
Carrie.
Thanks for getting back.
I'm guessing this isn't a social call.
No.
What's going on?
I can't talk.
We're on an open line,
but we need your help.
I know.
I hate myself for even asking.
Well, can't it wait until tomorrow?
I'm afraid not.
David Estes is sitting outside
your house right now.
Well, tonight is Thursday.
I cook dinner for the
family on Thursdays.
I'm making vegetable lasagna
with vegetables I picked this morning
from the garden.
Don't make me talk to him, Saul.
I don't ever want to see him again.
I've put all of that away.
Please, Carrie.
God, why are you doing this to me?!
I want you to know, Carrie,
this is much appreciated.
Just get it over with, okay?
There's a photo inside I'd
like you to take a look at.
Do you recognize her? - Yeah.
I recognize her. Why?
Who is she?
Fatima Ali,
first wife of Abbas Ali.
The Hezbollah district commander.
How do you know her?
I recruited her, that's how.
Yet there's no record of her
ever being an agent of yours.
Well, I ran her off book. - Why?
Because I was interested
in keeping her alive.
Our networks there were
blown, if you remember.
It was right around the time
we lost Garrett Hedges.
How did you make your approach to her?
Carefully,
over a matter of months.
I first spotted her at the
Acadamie des Beaux-Arts.
She had a weakness for American movies.
She loved Julia Roberts.
And did she turn out to
be a valuable asset?
I was transferred to Baghdad
before I had a chance to find out.
So your last contact with her was when?
March, 2005.
It was right before I left Beirut.
I was trying to farm her out
to another case officer.
And?
She wouldn't go for it.
She said I was the only
one she could trust.
So she's been a dead agent ever since?
As far as I know, yeah.
Well, apparently, she came
back to life yesterday,
and with information about
an attack on America.
Tell me.
Unfortunately, that's all I know.
- Well, what do you mean?
- Well, she's refusing
to speak to anybody but you.
Look, Carrie,
I, uh, hear you're doing well,
making good progress...
David, I've had a long day.
If you're gonna ask me to go to
Beirut, just ask me already.
You'll be back in three days.
We just need you to go
meet with your asset,
find out what she knows.
After all the shit you
dragged me through?
The unceremonious humiliating way
you ran me out of the agency?
I didn't come here to open old wounds,
and just so we're clear, this
isn't you getting your job back.
This is you being a good citizen.
Just so we're clear, I
haven't said yes yet.
Carrie, please, this is crazy.
Believe me, I wouldn't be
going if I had a choice.
You do have a choice.
You always have a choice.
Not-not this time.
Carrie, you're just starting
to get back on your feet.
You're not ready for this.
Don't you think I know that?
Regular sleep and meals,
avoiding stress, a schedule.
These are the things that have
been working so well for you.
At least call Dr. Rosenberg
before you make a decision.
I've already decided.
I don't understand how you
can trust these people
for one minute after
what they did to you.
I trust Saul.
He'll be there to hold my hand,
and it's only for a few days.
You say this is about patriotism,
but we both know that's
not the whole story.
Part of you wants to do this.
Let her go, Maggie.
I'm worried she's gonna wind
up back in the hospital.
Let her go.
Thanks, Dad.
Be safe, sweetheart.
Carrie Mathison,
Major Joy Mendez; she'll be
traveling with you to Cyprus.
I'll take your bag, ma'am.
Thank you, Major. Call me Joy.
If you don't call me ma'am.
Come in.
Roya Hammad is doing a
story on veepstakes.
She wants 15 minutes of your time.
When? - Now.
She was just down the hall in
Senator Laughton's office.
She's waiting outside.
All right, bring her in.
Hi, Roya.
Congressman Brody.
Please.
You want me in on this or...
No, I'll be fine.
So...
So, been an extraordinary couple
of days, wouldn't you say?
Depends.
On what?
On whether or not I actually
have a shot at the nomination.
Well, Senator Laughton thinks you do,
and he's not too happy about it.
But that's not why I'm here.
Congressman, do you tape
what's said in this office?
Do you have any hidden recording
devices or video cameras?
No.
Why do you ask?
Because we need to speak privately.
You mean off the record?
I mean privately.
About Abu Nazir.
He sends his best regards.
Excuse me?
Relax, Congressman.
I'm a friend.
Friend of whose? I'm sorry.
I have no idea what
you're talking about.
Of Nazir's.
Our families have been close since 1947.
They were refugees from
Palestine together.
I'm gonna have to ask you to leave now.
Issa's birthday is Monday.
He would have been 13 had he
survived the drone strike.
Do you remember what you gave
him for his tenth birthday?
He was scared of the big, black crows
that perched on the villa walls.
You made him a slingshot.
What do you want?
It's want Nazir want... your help.
My help?
Yes.
David Estes is briefing
you tomorrow morning
on homeland security.
There's a safe in his office
containing the encryption key
to a database of potential targets.
The code to Estes' safe.
If you need these,
you must be planning to
hit one of these targets.
I told Nazir
I would influence lawmakers
through my access.
That is what I'm doing, and
that is what we agreed to.
I know what you agreed to.
I am not a terrorist.
There's a difference
between terrorism
and a justifiable act of retaliation.
I will not help you in the
killing of innocent civilians.
What about the 3,000 civilians
Israel just killed in Iran?
Everybody knows those
numbers are bullshit.
The point is blatant aggression
against a sovereign nation
cannot go unanswered.
Even if I agreed...
if I agreed to do this,
I can't open Estes' safe
while he's in the office.
You'll have your chance.
Nicholas,
we're at war.
You need to choose sides.
Abu Nazir knows
which side I'm on.
I killed Tom Walker.
And I'm sure some part of you
hoped it would end there.
If your allegiance is truly with us,
this is your chance to prove it.
Contact me when you
have the target list.
I couldn't sleep last night.
All I could think about
was Israel bombing Iran
to try to stop Iran from bombing them.
The whole logic of that
just makes me want to scream.
I think maybe
the whole human race is insane.
I think sometimes military
force is necessary.
I mean, the Iranian president
keeps saying he wants to wipe
Israel off the map, so...
they have every right
to defend themselves.
Plus the Arab religion
doesn't value human life the way we do.
I mean, we're the infidel, right?
And these Arabs believe if they kill us,
they get to go to heaven.
And we're supposed to let...
They're not Arabs.
Iranians aren't Arabs, they're Persians.
Dana, I realize you're new here,
but Quaker meeting has rules.
The main one is to remain silent
between statements
so we can each contemplate
what's been said
and what we want to say.
You can speak when Tad sits.
Persians, Arabs, what's the difference?
They both want the same thing,
which is to annihilate us.
Why shouldn't we hit them first?
Maybe with a nuke or two of our own.
Douche.
Did she just call me a douche?
We don't tolerate name-calling.
And what about mass murder?
Do we tolerate that?
I mean, because that's what
he's really saying, isn't it?
- He was just talking.
- He's talking about turning Tehran
into a parking lot. - Dana,
that's enough.
Who do you think you are
and what do you know
about any of this anyways?
What do you know?
Well, what if I told you my dad
is undersecretary of state?
Yeah, well, what if I told
you my dad's a Muslim?
Right, and mine's a Scientologist.
All right.
That's enough.
Okay, Carrie, this is the last one.
One, two, three.
Spell it.
Two Rs, two Ss, and an EY. Morrissey.
Mother's maiden name?
Hold on, I know this one.
It's DeCarlo.
Can we start again?
Sure.
My name is Kate Morrissey.
I was born on October 16, 1981.
Where?
In Ottawa at the
Queensway Carlton Hospital.
But you grew up in... - Calgary.
The hockey team there is...
I don't follow hockey.
You do if you live in Calgary.
The Flames.
Mother's maiden name?
Fuck. Fuck.
It's DeCarlo.
Right, DeCarlo, um,
like the olive oil.
DeCarlo, DeCarlo, DeCarlo,
DeCarlo, DeCarlo, DeCarlo.
Want to take a break?
I think I want to go home.
I understand,
and you will be home
in a short 72 hours.
When's my meet with Saul again?
We're still working on it.
Instructions will be waiting for you
when you get to your hotel room.
At the Commodore.
Correct. You fly commercially
into Rafic-Hariri
tomorrow afternoon, you
grab a cab downtown,
and you check into the Commodore.
What's wrong?
I don't eat meat.
Good, you're home.
Dana!
Why? What is it?
Her dean called today.
Something the three of
us need to talk about.
Dana, get in here now.
I'm coming. You don't have to yell.
- So your dean called?
- You want to tell him?
No, go ahead. I mean, you
obviously know everything...
- She got into a fight.
- It wasn't a fight.
At morning meeting.
I didn't start anything.
- Just a couple of morons that...
- They are not
morons.
Actually, yeah, they are.
Finn Walden was one of them,
the vice president's son.
See? Look, she is just terrified
of causing any sort of
trouble with Mrs. Walden,
- her new best friend.
- Hey, wait, what did they say?
You know I'd rather stick
with what Dana said.
She said you're a Muslim.
And I didn't mean it.
Then why say it?
To guarantee everyone at your new school
thinks you're out of your mind?
To make it impossible for
me to show my face there?
To blow up your father's relationship
with the vice president?
Really, I want to know.
Are you that starved for attention?
Mom, I said it was a mistake.
A mistake? - No one believed it.
That's not the point.
I want to know why you
would say such a thing?
No, don't look at him.
I'm asking you, right here.
Are you deliberately
trying to crash and burn?
Is that it? Do we need
to send you to a shrink?
Jessica, stop. - No, seriously.
I want to know why she would say
such an insane thing.
Because it's true.
What?
Dad, I'm so sorry.
I really did not mean to say anything,
it just slipped out.
Wait...
I didn't want to tell you
because I knew it would upset you.
But you told Dana?
No.
No, she saw me praying one day...
in the garage.
The garage?
Jessica.
Dad...
I didn't mean to.
I know. It's okay.
Jess.
It makes so much sense now,
why you spend so much
fucking time in here.
Do you want to know why?
Does it matter?
It does to me.
What matters is you lied to me.
Every time that you came in
here you were lying to me.
No.
Yes, Brody, yes.
Do you know how fucked up that is?
Do you know how much that hurts?
I'm sorry.
I-I don't understand.
These are the people who tortured you.
These are the people
who if they found out
Dana and Xander
were having sex, they would
stone her to death in a soccer stadium.
That's not supposed to touch the floor.
Did you actually just say that?
I thought you put this
crazy stuff behind you.
I thought we were getting somewhere.
We are.
No, we're not.
I married a U.S. Marine.
This...
this can't happen.
You have a wife, two kids.
You're a congressman in the running
to be vice president.
It cannot happen.
You get that, right?
Yeah, Jess, I do.
Does she know?
Who?
The CIA woman...
you were with.
Does she know you're Muslim?
Why are you even asking me that?
Because she stood on our lawn
and said a bunch of things
I'm remembering all of a sudden.
Jess, that woman...
was fired by the CIA
and locked up in a mental institution.
Carrie.
Hey.
Wake up.
What time is it?
2:30.
In the afternoon?
Yeah.
We're moving out in a
little over an hour.
I need you to get up now.
You gonna be ready by then?
No problem.
Okay.
Sir.
Please take off your jacket
and remove anything from your pockets.
We'll need to retain your cell
phone, sir, till you leave.
Thank you very much.
Step through.
She seemed okay when I saw her.
In Virginia,
in the bosom of her family
where her mental state is
coddled and cared for.
Now she's 6,000 miles away.
Mendez is there, she doesn't
think Carrie's up to it.
Is this Mendez talking or you?
It's both of us.
We've been through this, Saul.
We have no other options.
No good ones, I admit,
but if Carrie fucks up this
operation then we have none.
- Can we push back 24 hours?
- For what reason?
I'm still waiting to
hear from two sources.
Maybe one of them's
gotten wind of something.
That married couple?
The professors with the
American University?
They're not sources, Saul,
they're dinner guests.
You said so yourself.
Look, I know you're
worried about Carrie.
I am, too.
But we got the wife of
Hezbollah commander
who says she has intel about
an attack against America.
You still there?
I'm here.
The mission clock starts in an hour.
When the door opens, I need you
to walk Carrie through it.
Sorry I'm late. I got held up by a call.
No, I appreciate you taking the time.
I'm sure you got your hands full.
And I was just getting used
to calling you Congressman.
The convention's still months away.
A lot can happen between now and then.
I doubt the vice president
would be taking
such a personal interest in prepping you
unless he was serious
about your prospects.
Please, have a seat.
So, uh, I understand you
used to work together
when he ran the agency...
the vice president.
Bill Walden's the
reason I'm in this job.
He pulled me off a division desk
to help him run the drone program
back when we only had eight
Predators over Baghdad.
How many do you have now?
How many?
Predators.
I don't know, 8,000? 9,000?
You lost count?
Al-Qaeda's been gutted
because of those drones.
That's what matters, right?
Right.
Come in.
I'm sorry for interrupting, sir,
but we've got a time sensitive matter.
What is it?
You can speak freely, as long
as it's not classified.
Roya Hammad... she's filing
an on-air story tonight
and she wants a comment. - What? Now?
She's in the pressroom.
Media Relations should be handling this.
They tried. They sent down
the Public Affairs officer,
but the DCI just weighed in,
wants you to talk to her.
I am sorry to keep apologizing,
but I need to take care of this.
No, do what you got to do.
You can wait here, I won't be long.
Can I get you anything? Coffee? Water?
No, I'm good.
Thanks.
Deputy Director?
Ms. Hammad, what can I do for you?
Please.
You can confirm or deny
reports that only four
of the targeted Iranian
nuclear facilities
were actually destroyed,
and that the fifth is still operational.
Reports from who?
Multiple sources inside the government.
Ours or theirs?
We're breaking the story
tonight on World News
with or without a statement
from the agency.
Do what you have to do, but
if I were you, I'd sit on it.
Unless you're okay with being
wrong about the facts.
What do you mean?
Have a nice weekend, Ms. Hammad.
You know I'm close, so at
least help me get it right.
Not a chance.
How about dinner then?
Saturday night? Cafe Milano.
I've got a standing
reservation for two. 8:00.
You can ply me with wine, feed me pasta.
I still won't divulge
classified intelligence.
No worries.
I'm sure we could find
something else to talk about.
All right.
Is that a yes?
Yes.
Saturday.
Tell Korman he needs
to do damage control.
See if he can give Roya something else.
Get her to sit on the story until
we can find out who leaked this.
Everything okay?
Yeah, fine.
Traveling alone?
Miss Morrissey?
I'm sorry?
I asked if you're traveling alone.
Yes.
You have anything to declare?
No.
Hotel Commodore.
Carrie?
Sorry I'm late. Half the
streets are shut down.
Yeah. People are pissed.
So I've noticed.
How was your flight?
A little bumpy.
But you made it.
Yeah. It's just like old times.
Carrie, listen to me carefully.
You need to walk past the cafe.
Do not stop.
Why?
I got company.
You hear me?
Yeah.
There's a safe house
on El Ghadin. 2218.
I'll meet you there when I lose them.
Okay. - Repeat the address.
2212 El Ghadin.
2218.
Shit.
They may have made you, Carrie.
There's a man
with a gray jacket, yellow
stripes crossing El Barghout.
His partner's still on me,
so I'm pinned here, but you'll be okay.
Dump your radio phone, let
him take you into custody.
Your cover will hold until
we get the ambassador.
I can lose him, Saul.
If you run, you'll only make it worse.
If they arrest me,
this mission is blown.
Don't worry about that now.
Carrie?
Dad?
What are you doing?
Your mom threw my Koran on the floor,
tore some pages.
It's desecrated.
So I'm burying it out of respect.
Here, Dad, let me help.
Sync and corrections by
n17t01 www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org